and they're all in lime they're racing
in the palm beach Smart Cover bobbled a
bit coming out of there my stormtrooper
goes out to the front with storming in t
on the inside and gal award is sent
along with them it's going to be
storming in T to make the pace my
stormtrooper running in second gal award
is third and then proven to the outside
of patent as they race for the turn
break of another two and then morning
calm to the outside of so lonesome who
saves ground six links off the lead two
links more back to can't help believing
and then toward the inside it's smart
cover after that cobble cat followed by
two jacks wild and mr. speaker is dead
last early 13 off the lead 23 and 4 was
the first quarter storming NT leads the
way 3/4 of a length over my stormtrooper
gal award is third to the outside by 2
and then patent and Levin two legs more
back to so lonesome mr. speaker's moving
now mr. speaker who was dead last moving
on to the backstretch has pulled his way
up into mid pack now just 5 lengths off
the lead and racing at the rail then
can't help believing followed by Morning
Calm capo cat smart covered to the
inside and to Jack's wild 48 and one was
the half mile there moving into the far
turn and it is storming in T in front my
Storm Trooper ridden along gal award on
the outside of them break of another two
to proven and then it's patent mr.
speaker with five lengths to make up
just in behind the leaders now going to
switch to the far outside they're into
the stretch storming into off the turn
in front on the outside gal award here's
blue van mr. speaker trying to put in a
late run enough far outside logging in
but he's coming storming into in front
gal award mr. speaker on the far outside
blue van
here's the wire gala award has one from
mr. speaker storming in tee and blue van
you